Many things in this word,
if we make a mistake,
we probably have
a second chance to fix them.
We have the next semester
for exams.
We have the next trains for BTS.
Olympians have every four years
to retake the olympics.
As long as we're healthy,
having hope
and courage to pursue our dreams,
We'll finally be successful
at the end of the day.
What about love?
Do you think we have a chance
Come on, Nene. We're late.
to turn back time and fix it
to be in love again
with the same one.
Ton 5656.
You look better than
your profile picture.
- Do you want to do it now?
- Are you expecting someone?
No.
Safety first. 54, right?
I'm 56.
Listen, I'll never sleep with
anyone else in this life.
Sorry, let's meet again later.
I'm not ready today.
If not, don't call me.
Delete your app for good.
You smell bad.
Still have any energy left?
You just said you were tired
from playing basketball.
When I see you, I'm reboosted.
I can't help myself
when I'm smelling you.
One more, please.
- Won't you have a shower?
- I'll do it later.
- Right here?
- Hold on.
Come on, Kin.
We've been dating for years.
Safety first.
Don't you trust me?
Thinking I slept with someone else?
Who knows?
Listen, I'll never sleep with
anyone else in this life.
Except you. I promise.
I trust you, but safety first.
- Come on.
- Let's stop. Up to you.
Tonight, I won't let you
go for sure.
You don't need to buy
anything for me.
No, you train me to exercise
without any charge at all.
We're familiar neighbors.
The gym is the codo facility.
I do it for you as a neighbor.
Looks yummy. Nene would love it.
Is she home today?
Yes, but she's slept early.
On this trip to Japan,
I walked a lot.
My legs are in pain.
When we meet at the gym again,
I'll teach you how to stretch
after using your muscles too much.
Here too. I'm so in pain, Than.
May. May.
Uncle.
What are you doing?
Why haven't you gone to bed?
Auntie May brought
some snacks from Japan.
Hello. Remember me?
I'm on Floor 16.
Hello, I do.
Why did you wake up?
You should go to bed. It's late.
I heard peple talking
so I came out.
Let's see her off
and go to bed, okay?
I'll rub you hand
so you can sleep well.
Are you leaving now?
- Well...
- Yes. Aren't you?
You had a long flight.
Please go back and take some rest.
I'll teach you how to stetch
when we meet at the gym.
Okay. I have to go.
Good night and goodbye.
Good nignt.
You saved my life, sweetheart.
Let's go to bed.
Wanna sleep in my room?
No, I want to sleep in mine.
Sure. Let's go to bed. Come on.
Uncle. Wake up.
Uncle.
Go have a shower and get dressed.
It's my first school day.
We can't be late.
You've had a shower?
Washed your hair? Brushed your teeth?
Come on, I've done them all.
Can you get dressed on your own?
Sure, but you need to hurry up.
Give me 15 minutes, okay?
Come on.
Hello.
I have no socks.
You haven't washed them.
- Please check the socks first.
- Sure.
- Do you want a bag?
- No.
Okay.
170 baht in total.
Do you forget your wallet?
No, I'm sure I bring it with me.
Where is it then?
- Can I pay by iBank?
- Sure.
Uncle, is this your wallet?
Yes, thank you.
Why do you have it?
Hold on, don't go. Please wait.
- I'll have this one too.
- Sure.
Thank you.
- For you.
- Thank you.
Thank you.
Hurry up, Uncle.
Grilled pork neck.
- Thank you.
- Do you want carrot soup?
No, thanks. My son will be
just fine with the pork.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
Mawin, have you given the wallet
back to its owner?
- I have.
- Good boy.
Oh, what is in your hand?
The wallet owner gave me.
Can I eat it?
Sure, but after school, okay?
You must eat this now.
Carrot soup. I'll give for free.
Thank you. Let's go.
- Let's go.
- This way.
Your school is very beautiful.
Please take her inside
after you fill it.
- Hello, welcome.
- Hello.
Which class are you in?
Mawain, K3.
Mawin. K3A?
- Correct?
- Yes.
We have the document here.
Come on, Nene. We're late.
- Are you excited?
- I am.
Kin.
Can I fill it on the table inside?
Sure, please do.
Thank you. Let's go.
- It's hot out here.
- Which class is she in?
Oh, Nene, K3.
- Please check her name.
- Sure.
There's an extra document
you need it fill.
Sure, okay.
Here you are.
- In English here, please.
- Sure.
After this,
we'll take you and your parents
on a school tour
to introduce our rooms.
All students get up
and follow me, please.
Come on, a row at a time.
And all of you will
follow your kids
to see what rooms our school has.
We'll go to the library,
the art room,
and finally the gym.
Okay, please come this way.
Follow your kids up there, please.
This way, please.
Please follow your kids.
Your shoelace is untied, watch out.
Thank you.
Please move aside.
I won't.
I said move aside.
I won't until you tell me
where you've been.
Why did you leave me like that?
Do you know how I feel
when you're absent in my life?
It's like you never exists.
I wish it to go on like that.
So no one can block my way
like you're doing now.
Your wish won't come true.
Every time I tried to start
a new relationship,
I missed someone who left me.
Now I want to know the truth
from the one who left me
if he knows that
I miss him so much.
Mawin's and Nene's dads.
You're here.
I thought you were lost.
Please come inside.
Okay.
Go inside.
Be careful.
Students, this is our gym.
It isn't only for sports,
but also for many activities
that need lots of space.
The next activity is ice breaking.
You'll know each other better.
Both students and parents.
The kids are divided
into two groups.
And the parents stand
with the kids.
The rule is introduce yourself
to someone in front of you.
Then walk to your right.
The one on the far right must take
the positon in front of you.
You get it? We have one more thing.
We have a song
and dance steps for you.
Start with this side.
One, two, three.
What's your name?
- My name's Nene.
- My name's Mawin.
I like to do this.
Go to your right.
Start with this side.
Ready? One, two, three.
What's your name?
My name's Nene.
I like to do this.
Our turn.
What's your name?
My name's Mawin.
I like to do this.
My name's Nene.
My name's Mawin.
Start with the parents this side.
One, two, three.
What's your name?
My name's Than.
I like to do this.
What's your name?
My name's Akin.
I like to do this.
My dad is Than.
My dad is Kin.
I told you not to call me dad.
They'll get me wrong.
I'm her uncle.
Thank you again for my wallet.
Nice to meet you again, Kin.
Nice to meet you, Nene.
And your uncle.
- Okay, to your right.
- Let's go.
Hello.
Hello, greet her mom.
Now you've introduced yourselves.
Yes.
Next, we have
a little active game, Chairball.
You can remember your friends
and practice group effort.
For parents, you can take a break
as you wish.
Students, please follow me.
Parents. This way, please.
- Sit down.
- This way, parents.
This way, please come here.
Oh, can I have your contact?
We'll create a parent group.
Thank you.
- Please scan to join it.
- Sure.
This is mine.
Same ID. Never change.
Thank you.
Have you joined the group?
Please scan this.
Go, Nene. Go for it.
Shoot. Well done.
She is my niece.
She's small, but she's good.
Does she eat a lot?
Yes, she does.
Nene.
So high.
Why are you playing it like that?
Run, Nene, run.
Well done. Good job.
Come on, do it. Good job.
It's okay. Try again.
Go for it.
Do you hurt anywhere?
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
You weren't hit like the last time.
- Go for it, Nene.
- What's up, Fai?
Okay, I'm leaving the school.
See you in half an hour.
Excuse me, I have to go now.
- I'll pick him in the afternoo.
- Sure.
Mawin. Hey, sweetheart.
I have to go now. Fighting.
Watch out.
Go, Nene. Well done.
Hurry up, everyone.
Don't make any mistake today.
We're Beyond Perfect
House of Perfection
Hello, Too.
How much time do we have?
8 for preparation, 37 for meeting.
Our client has other business.
Copy that.
AJ, How many time have I told you?
The client's glass must be of
the Danish Royal Copenhagen brand.
They don't use the same as us.
Change it.
Let me do it for you. Sorry.
Here it is, Too. Right this way.
Today we’ll serve the tea blend
that Mr. Don really loves.
Very good.
And for dessert,
we’ve got a mixed berry tart.
Topped with strawberry, berry, kiwi,
and mango from the North.
Perfect.
Not just perfect,
it’s beyond perfect. Because we’re
House of Perfection.
Oh, 2 minutes and 20 seconds.
Mr. Don’s car is already out front.
Alright, everyone ready?
– Ready.
– Hello, Mr. Don.
– This way, please.
Alright then, let’s begin.
This is my latest project.
May I name the house?
– Yes.
– The Best One House.
I’m very disappointed.
Do you see any flaws
in this work?
There’s fruit stuck
on the model’s teeth.
And her lipstick is smudged
around the mouth.
Also, the photo’s retouched
so much it looks unreal.
– Yes, that’s it.
– Exactly.
Right. And this is why
we canceled all work with them.
Beyond Perfect would
never miss details like that.
You’ve seen our work before,
I believe.
– Car ads, milk powder, and…
– I know.
If I move The Best One’s
projects here…
Can you handle it?
– Absolutely, no problem.
– Easy for us.
– Right?
– Yes.
Good.
I heard this photographer
is in high demand everywhere.
This is Pond’s work,
a top-tier photographer.
He was born for this job.
Every shutter he hits
feels like magic.
The light, the shadow,
every detail...
It’s more than a picture.
It captures the product’s voice.
Pond’s someone we know,
so we hire him a lot.
He’s here to pick up
his check today.
If you want to meet him,
I’ll see if he’s arrived.
– Great.
– Good idea.
Where is everyone? Too? Akin? Indy?
Meeting. Important client.
Everyone has to be there?
Yes.
Pond actually came up
from the fashion scene.
When he moved to commercial work,
his eye became very unique.
People call him the young general
who wields a camera.
But he’s a bit artsy in person.
Skill-wise, I guarantee him.
True. Super cool,
totally hits the brief.
He’s here.
Hi, Pond.
This is Donlapat. He’s our client.
A very important client
of Beyond Perfect.
I have a reshoot,
juice product, next Tuesday.
I want you to shoot it.
Any problem, Pond?
No problem.
Good. I want you for the shoot.
No problem. But I’m not going.
– Huh?
Why not?
Don’t feel like it.
Be professional, please.
If you’ve got no conflic,
Next Tuesday is booked,
it’s my sleep day.
Sorry, important client.
Double the fee.
Sorry, I’m not motivated by money.
And rushed jobs, I don’t…
Triple.
– Sorry—
– Five times.
Plus a van for gear,
Rabbit Love Studio, Ekamai.
Call time 10 AM to 8 PM.
Cash only. No checks.
For all other details,
talk to Mind, my secretary.
Everyone okay?
– Okay.
– Absolutely, Mr. Don.
If you’ll excuse me for a moment.
Please, go ahead.
Pond, when this job’s done,
you’re buying drinks for us all.
– I’ll book the place now.
– I’m in.
You’re badass.
You’re crazy,
arguing with him like that.
– Nearly blew it.
– My hands were sweating, man.
You look good doing anything,
even taking a leak.
Rich people glow everywhere.
Everything you have
just looks good.
You’ve got bigger thing
than you know.
Mine’s nothing fancy,
just simple stuff.
But when it’s needed,
it works just fine.
Then I’ll take
one blueberry yogurt.
Sure, I’ll get that ready for you.
Give me lots, okay?
– Mawin, go ahead.
– Thanks.
My treat today.
Can I get Apple–Sugus
flavored ice cream?
Sure, one moment.
Aren’t you eating?
– I am. One Thai milk tea.
– Coming up.
Your dad is really late today, huh?
He’s coming. Teacher said so.
Eat a lot so
you’ll grow big and strong.
Sorry I’m late.
It’s fine.
Uncle and Nene kept me company.
He even bought ice cream for me.
Another Thai milk tea, please.
Same flavor you used to like.
I’ll take chocolate.
Why aren’t you getting Thai tea?
You usually...
Don’t feel like the same flavor.
Same flavor’s still great,
just saying.
Okay.
It’s on me.
You treated me plenty before.
Thank you.
Let’s go.
Time to head home.
– Say thank you to him.
– Thank you!
Hold on, Mawin’s dad.
How are you two getting home?
Skytrain.
It’s right next to our condo.
I’ve got a car.
Come with me, it’s on the way.
How do you know it’s on the way?
Yeah, how’d you know
where Mawin lives?
Exactly.
Anywhere’s “on the way”
if you want it to be.
No need. Don’t trouble yourself.
It’s no trouble at all.
Come with us.
It’s harder for you to go alone.
Skytrain’s packed
around this hour, right?
True, it gets crowded and stuffy.
I’m tired from activities already.
Mawin, My uncle's car
is super comfy. Wanna try?
My dad has a car too,
just didn’t drive today.
Then come with us.
Really, it’s no trouble.
Yes, not a bother at all.
Alright, Nene.
– Yeah?
– Branch 2 is fully done now.
You wanna come check
if everything’s done?
You handle it, I trust you.
I'm picking Nene up now.
I’ll come check tomorrow
first thing.
- Fine
- Thanks. See you.
My car’s right over here.
Lead the way then.
Let’s go.
Mawin, thank her uncle
for giving us a ride.
- Thank you.
- Sure.
Uncle, I need to pee.
Come on, I drove you here.
My niece needs the toilet.
You won’t help her?
Really, I really need to pee.
Can you hold it, Nene?
Not anymore?
No, I can't hold it.
Use the lobby restroom.
Okay.
Uncle, I can’t hold it.
Please help me.
What do I do? I need to pee so bad.
- Bathroom’s on the right.
- Thank you.
Put your bag away
and change clothes.
Yes.
Don’t forget today’s clothes
go in the basket.
- I won’t forget.
- Let’s go.
Don’t get too comfy in my place.
This is my room, not yours.
Nene’s just using the toilet.
Seeing this, I miss it.
Miss what?
Happy birthday to you.
Make a wish.
Thanks so much.
Happy birthday, Than.
I’m 18 this year.
Yeah, I know.
And being 18 means
if you do anything to me,
you’re not breaking any laws.
You’re naughty.
Why not take the chance
now that it’s here?
You’re bold now, huh?
I’m grown now.
Back then, maybe it was just...
Enough.
If you won’t start,
an 18-year-old can.
A high-schooler agreed.
Would a college guy resist?
Don’t dig up the past.
It won’t help anything.
It will,
because I still want to know
why you vanished from
my life without a word.
Did you think making someone
love you then leaving is fun?
And now you have a kid,
so back then, you...
Stop talking nonsense.
Our story ended long ago.
We never even broke up.
How could it be over?
I'm done. Thanks, Uncle Kin.
Your bathroom's so clean.
Sure.
You may head home now.
Let's go.
Put your shoes on first.
Thank you.
Uncle, this condo has
a playground and pool too.
That's nice.
And it’s close to my school.
- You like it here?
- Yes, I do.
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Hello, Please take care of him.
- Sure.
- Study well, okay? Bye.
- Okay.
- Hello.
Kin.
- Oh, Nene.
- Hello.
Hello, hello.
- Ready?
- Study hard, okay?
- Study and have fun.
- Mawin.
Want ice cream? I will buy it.
Let’s go home, Mawin.
It might rain.
No?
Oops, it spilled.
Let's go.
What are we running from?
True, we don’t need to run at all.
Let’s go.
- Dad.
- Yes?
Hello, Mawin’s dad.
Since our kids go
to the same school,
Let me be your neighbor too.
Such a coincidence,
our rooms are opposite.
A new fitness club
just opened here.
Hello! I’ll take care of you
to perfection.
I’m not single.
My status is just unclear.
You’ve been hurt before,
be careful this time.
Is that encouragement?
Nice to meet you,
my special customer.
Don. My name’s Donlapat.
Let me kiss you.
I missed you.
I won't let you go.